# Breeze::OS Packager v1.1.5 Package Source File.
# Copyright 2015, Tsert.Com, All Rights Reserved.
#
# Read packages from INSTALL CDROM
#cdrom:///dev/cdrom / local stable amd64 breeze nogpg

# Read packages from INSTALL DVD
#dvd:///dev/dvd / local stable amd64 breeze nogpg

# Read packages from INSTALL ZIP/USBSTICK
#zip:///dev/sdb / local stable amd64 breeze nogpg

# INSTALL CD/DVD/ZIP ISO copied to your hard disk, and mounted.
#file:///mnt/iso/breeze / local stable amd64 breeze nogpg

# Packages from INSTALL CD/DVD/ZIP copied to your hard disk.
# The file hierarchy must be the same as on the INSTALL ISO
#file:// /share/archives/ local stable amd64 breeze nogpg
#rsync://master.localdomain /share/archives local stable amd64 breeze nogpg

# Remote Master repository running the tFTP server.
# You must specify the remote domain, if not the localdomain.
# The file hierarchy must be the same as on the INSTALL ISO
#tftp://master.localdomain:69/ /archives local stable amd64 breeze nogpg

# Remote Master repository running the Breeze::OS searchd server.
# You must specify the remote domain, if not the localdomain.
# The file hierarchy must be the same as our repository hierarchy.
#http://master.localdomain:8012/ /archives local stable amd64 breeze nogpg

# Remote Master repository running the Apache or NGinx servers.
# You must specify the remote domain, if not the localdomain.
# The file hierarchy must be the same as our repository hierarchy.
#http://master.localdomain:80/ /archives local stable amd64 breeze nogpg

#################################################################
# The commented-out mirrors were either problematic or slow.
# You may edit this file to only keep your choice of mirrors.
#################################################################

COUNTRY=us
# Site       Archive    Locale    Repository    Arch    Variant
#----------------------------------------------------------------------
# www.breezeos.com must be the 1st entry, your default entry should be 2nd.
http://www.breezeos.com /archives/slackware us stable amd64 breeze

https://mirrors.linux-bulgaria.org /slackware/ bg stable amd64 slackware 
https://mirrors.netix.net /slackware/ bg stable amd64 slackware 
https://mirror.csclub.uwaterloo.ca /slackware/ ca stable amd64 slackware 
https://mirror.its.dal.ca /slackware/ ca stable amd64 slackware 
https://slackware.freemirror.org /slackware/ ca stable amd64 slackware 
https://mirrors.ucr.ac.cr /slackware/pub/slackware/ cr stable amd64 slackware 
https://ftp6.gwdg.de /pub/linux/slackware/ de stable amd64 slackware 
https://linux.rz.rub.de /slackware/ de stable amd64 slackware 
https://mirror.de.leaseweb.net /slackware/ de stable amd64 slackware 
https://mirror.netcologne.de /slackware/ de stable amd64 slackware 
https://mirrors.dotsrc.org /slackware/ dk stable amd64 slackware 
https://mirror.cedia.org.ec /slackware/ ec stable amd64 slackware 
https://mirrors.phx.ms /slackware/ fr stable amd64 slackware 
https://lon.mirror.rackspace.com /slackware/ gb stable amd64 slackware 
https://mirror.bytemark.co.uk /slackware/ gb stable amd64 slackware 
https://www.mirrorservice.org /sites/ftp.slackware.com/pub/slackware/ gb stable amd64 slackware 
https://ftp.cc.uoc.gr /mirrors/linux/slackware/ gr stable amd64 slackware 
https://hkg.mirror.rackspace.com /slackware/ hk stable amd64 slackware 
https://mirror-hk.koddos.net /slackware/ hk stable amd64 slackware 
https://ftp.gtx.hu /slackware/ hu stable amd64 slackware 
https://quantum-mirror.hu /mirrors/pub/slackware/ hu stable amd64 slackware 
https://iso.ukdw.ac.id /slackware/ id stable amd64 slackware 
https://repo.ukdw.ac.id /slackware/ id stable amd64 slackware 
https://ba.mirror.garr.it /mirrors/Slackware/ it stable amd64 slackware 
https://mirrors.atviras.lt /slackware/ lt stable amd64 slackware 
https://ftp.nluug.nl /os/Linux/distr/slackware/ nl stable amd64 slackware 
https://mirror.koddos.net /slackware/ nl stable amd64 slackware 
https://mirror.nl.leaseweb.net /slackware/ nl stable amd64 slackware 
https://ftp.slackware.pl /pub/slackware/ pl stable amd64 slackware 
https://sunsite.icm.edu.pl /pub/Linux/slackware/ pl stable amd64 slackware 
https://ftp.rnl.tecnico.ulisboa.pt /pub/slackware/ pt stable amd64 slackware 
https://mirrors.nxthost.com /slackware/ ro stable amd64 slackware 
https://mirror.yandex.ru /slackware/ ru stable amd64 slackware 
https://ftp.acc.umu.se /mirror/slackware.com/ se stable amd64 slackware 
https://mirror.linux.pizza /slackware/ se stable amd64 slackware 
https://mirror.wheel.sk /slackware/ sk stable amd64 slackware 
https://ftp.yzu.edu.tw /Linux/Slackware/ tw stable amd64 slackware 
https://ifconfig.com.ua /slackware/ ua stable amd64 slackware 
https://mirrors.nix.org.ua /linux/slackware/ ua stable amd64 slackware 
https://dfw.mirror.rackspace.com /slackware/ us stable amd64 slackware 
https://ftp.ussg.indiana.edu /linux/slackware/ us stable amd64 slackware 
https://mirror.math.princeton.edu /pub/slackware/ us stable amd64 slackware 
https://mirror.slackbuilds.org /slackware/ us stable amd64 slackware 
https://mirror.us.leaseweb.net /slackware/ us stable amd64 slackware 
https://mirrors.kernel.org /slackware/ us stable amd64 slackware 
https://mirrors.syringanetworks.net /slackware/ us stable amd64 slackware 
https://mirrors.xmission.com /slackware/ us stable amd64 slackware 
https://slackware.absolutehosting.net /pub/slackware/ us stable amd64 slackware 


http://ftp.swin.edu.au /slackware/ au stable amd64 slackware 
http://mirror.as24220.net /pub/slackware/slackware64-14.2/ au stable amd64 slackware 
http://mirror.internode.on.net /pub/slackware/ au stable amd64 slackware 
http://slackware.mirror.digitalpacific.com.au / au stable amd64 slackware 
http://mirrors.slackware.bg /slackware/ bg stable amd64 slackware 
http://mirrors.unixsol.org /slackware/ bg stable amd64 slackware 
http://slackware.telecoms.bg /slackware/ bg stable amd64 slackware 
http://x.ultranet.biz /slackware/ bg stable amd64 slackware 
http://ftp.slackware-brasil.com.br / br stable amd64 slackware 
http://linorg.usp.br /slackware/ br stable amd64 slackware 
http://slackmirror.cbpf.br /pub/slackware/ br stable amd64 slackware 
http://mirror.datacenter.by /pub/slackware/ by stable amd64 slackware 
http://ftp.linux.cz /pub/linux/slackware/ cz stable amd64 slackware 
http://download.dlackware.com /slackware/ de stable amd64 slackware 
http://ftp.tu-chemnitz.de /pub/linux/slackware/ de stable amd64 slackware 
http://mirrors.nav.ro /slackware/ de stable amd64 slackware 
http://bear.alienbase.nl /mirrors/slackware/ fr stable amd64 slackware 
http://nephtys.lip6.fr /pub/linux/distributions/slackware/ fr stable amd64 slackware 
http://nephtys.lip6.fr /pub/linux/distributions/slackware/ fr stable amd64 slackware 
http://slackware.mirrors.ovh.net /ftp.slackware.com/ fr stable amd64 slackware 
http://slackware.uk /slackware/ gb stable amd64 slackware 
http://ftp.ntua.gr /pub/linux/slackware/ gr stable amd64 slackware 
http://ftp.otenet.gr /linux/slackware/ gr stable amd64 slackware 
http://mirror.slackware.hr /slackware/ hr stable amd64 slackware 
http://kambing.ui.ac.id /slackware/ id stable amd64 slackware 
http://ftp.kddilabs.jp /Linux/distributions/Slackware/ jp stable amd64 slackware 
http://ftp.nara.wide.ad.jp /pub/Linux/slackware/ jp stable amd64 slackware 
http://ftp.riken.jp /Linux/slackware/ jp stable amd64 slackware 
http://slackware.laukas.lt /slackware/ lt stable amd64 slackware 

http://mirror.lagoon.nc /pub/slackware/ nc stable amd64 slackware 
http://omegageek.noip.me /mirrors/slackware/ nl stable amd64 slackware 
http://ftp.slackware.no /slackware/ no stable amd64 slackware 
http://ftp.slackware.org.nz /slackware/ nz stable amd64 slackware 
http://mirror.rise.ph /slackware/ ph stable amd64 slackware 
http://mirror.onet.pl /pub/mirrors/slackware/ pl stable amd64 slackware 
http://slackware.tsu.ru /slackware/ ru stable amd64 slackware 
http://download.nus.edu.sg /mirror/slackware/ sg stable amd64 slackware 
http://ftp.linux.org.tr /slackware/ tr stable amd64 slackware 
http://ftp.isu.edu.tw /pub/Linux/Slackware/ tw stable amd64 slackware 
http://ftp.gtlib.gatech.edu /pub/slackware/ us stable amd64 slackware 
http://ftp.slackware.com /pub/slackware/ us stable amd64 slackware 
http://mirror.cs.princeton.edu /pub/mirrors/slackware/ us stable amd64 slackware 
http://mirror.lug.udel.edu /pub/slackware/ us stable amd64 slackware 
http://slackblog.com /slackware/ us stable amd64 slackware 
http://slackware.cs.utah.edu /pub/slackware/ us stable amd64 slackware 
http://slackware.mirrors.tds.net /pub/slackware/ us stable amd64 slackware 
http://ftp.is.co.za /mirror/ftp.slackware.com/pub/ za stable amd64 slackware 
http://ftp.wa.co.za /pub/slackware/ za stable amd64 slackware 
http://slackware.mirror.ac.za / za stable amd64 slackware 


ftp://ftp.swin.edu.au /slackware/ au stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://mirror.as24220.net /pub/slackware/slackware64-14.2/ au stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://mirror.internode.on.net /pub/slackware/ au stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://syd.mirror.rackspace.com /slackware/ au stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://mirrors.netix.net /slackware/ bg stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://mirrors.slackware.bg /slackware/ bg stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://mirrors.unixsol.org /slackware/ bg stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://slackware.telecoms.bg /slackware/ bg stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://ftp.slackware-brasil.com.br / br stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://linorg.usp.br /slackware/ br stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://mirror.datacenter.by /pub/slackware/ by stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://mirror.csclub.uwaterloo.ca /slackware/ ca stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://mirror.its.dal.ca /slackware/ ca stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://slackware.freemirror.org /slackware/ ca stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://mirrors.ucr.ac.cr /slackware/pub/slackware/ cr stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://ftp.linux.cz /pub/linux/slackware/ cz stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://ftp.tu-chemnitz.de /pub/linux/slackware/ de stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://ftp6.gwdg.de /pub/linux/slackware/ de stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://linux.rz.rub.de /slackware/ de stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://mirror.de.leaseweb.net /slackware/ de stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://mirror.netcologne.de /slackware/ de stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://mirrors.nav.ro /slackware/ de stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://mirrors.dotsrc.org /slackware/ dk stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://mirror.cedia.org.ec /slackware/ ec stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://ftp.mirrorservice.org /sites/ftp.slackware.com/pub/slackware/ gb stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://lon.mirror.rackspace.com /slackware/ gb stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://mirror.bytemark.co.uk /slackware/ gb stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://slackware.uk /slackware/ gb stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://ftp.cc.uoc.gr /mirrors/linux/slackware/ gr stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://ftp.ntua.gr /pub/linux/slackware/ gr stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://ftp.otenet.gr /pub/linux/slackware/ gr stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://hkg.mirror.rackspace.com /slackware/ hk stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://mirror.slackware.hr /slackware/ hr stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://ftp.gtx.hu /slackware/ hu stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://ftp.kddilabs.jp /Linux/distributions/Slackware/ jp stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://ftp.nara.wide.ad.jp /pub/Linux/slackware/ jp stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://ftp.riken.jp /Linux/slackware/ jp stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://mirror.lagoon.nc /pub/slackware/ nc stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://ftp.nluug.nl /pub/os/Linux/distr/slackware/ nl stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://mirror.nl.leaseweb.net /slackware/ nl stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://ftp.slackware.no /slackware/ no stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://ftp.slackware.org.nz /slackware/ nz stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://mirror.rise.ph /slackware/ ph stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://ftp.slackware.pl /pub/slackware/ pl stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://mirror.onet.pl /pub/mirrors/slackware/ pl stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://sunsite.icm.edu.pl /pub/Linux/slackware/ pl stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://ftp.rnl.tecnico.ulisboa.pt /pub/slackware/ pt stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://mirror.yandex.ru /slackware/ ru stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://slackware.tsu.ru /slackware/ ru stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://ftp.acc.umu.se /mirror/slackware.com/ se stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://ftp.linux.org.tr /slackware/ tr stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://ftp.yzu.edu.tw /Linux/Slackware/ tw stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://ifconfig.com.ua /pub/Mirror/slackware/ ua stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://mirrors.nix.org.ua /linux/slackware/ ua stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://dfw.mirror.rackspace.com /slackware/ us stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://ftp.gtlib.gatech.edu /pub/slackware us stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://ftp.lug.udel.edu /pub/slackware/ us stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://ftp.slackware.com /pub/slackware/ us stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://ftp.ussg.indiana.edu /linux/slackware/ us stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://mirror.cs.princeton.edu /pub/mirrors/slackware/ us stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://mirror.slackbuilds.org /pub/slackware/ us stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://mirror.us.leaseweb.net /slackware/ us stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://mirrors.syringanetworks.net /slackware/ us stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://mirrors.xmission.com /slackware/ us stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://slackware.absolutehosting.net /pub/slackware/ us stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://slackware.cs.utah.edu /slackware/ us stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://slackware.mirrors.tds.net /pub/slackware us stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://ftp.is.co.za /mirror/ftp.slackware.com/pub/ za stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://ftp.wa.co.za /pub/slackware/ za stable amd64 slackware 
ftp://slackware.mirror.ac.za / za stable amd64 slackware 



rsync://ftp.swin.edu.au /slackware/ au stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://mirror.internode.on.net /slackware/ au stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://slackware.mirror.digitalpacific.com.au /slackware/ au stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://syd.mirror.rackspace.com /slackware/ au stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://mirrors.linux-bulgaria.org /slackware/ bg stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://mirrors.netix.net /slackware/ bg stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://mirrors.slackware.bg /slackware/ bg stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://mirrors.unixsol.org /slackware/ bg stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://slackware.telecoms.bg /slackware/ bg stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://x.ultranet.biz /slackware/ bg stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://linorg.usp.br /slackware/ br stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://slackmirror.cbpf.br /pub/slackware/ br stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://slackware-brasil.com.br /slackware/ br stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://mirror.datacenter.by /slackware/ by stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://mirror.csclub.uwaterloo.ca /slackware/ ca stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://mirror.its.dal.ca /slackware/ ca stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://slackware.freemirror.org /slackware/ ca stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://mirrors.ucr.ac.cr /slackware/pub/slackware/ cr stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://ftp.linux.cz /pub/linux/slackware/ cz stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://download.dlackware.com /slackware/ de stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://ftp.tu-chemnitz.de /ftp/pub/linux/slackware/ de stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://ftp6.gwdg.de /pub/linux/slackware/ de stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://linux.rz.rub.de /slackware/ de stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://mirror.de.leaseweb.net /slackware/ de stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://mirror.netcologne.de /slackware/ de stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://mirrors.nav.ro /slackware/ de stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://mirrors.dotsrc.org /slackware/ dk stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://mirror.cedia.org.ec /slackware/ ec stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://bear.alienbase.nl /mirrors/slackware/ fr stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://mirrors.phx.ms /slackware/ fr stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://nephtys.lip6.fr /ftp/pub/linux/distributions/slackware/ fr stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://slackware.mirrors.ovh.net /ftp.slackware.com/ fr stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://lon.mirror.rackspace.com /slackware/ gb stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://mirror.bytemark.co.uk /slackware/ gb stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://rsync.mirrorservice.org /ftp.slackware.com/pub/slackware/ gb stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://slackware.uk /slackware/ gb stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://ftp.cc.uoc.gr /slackware/ gr stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://ftp.ntua.gr /slackware/ gr stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://hkg.mirror.rackspace.com /slackware/ hk stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://mirror-hk.koddos.net /slackware/ hk stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://mirror.slackware.hr /slackware/ hr stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://ftp.gtx.hu /slackware/ hu stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://quantum-mirror.hu /slackware/ hu stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://iso.ukdw.ac.id /iso/slackware/ id stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://kambing.ui.ac.id /slackware/ id stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://repo.ukdw.ac.id /slackware/ id stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://ba.mirror.garr.it /Slackware/ it stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://ftp.kddilabs.jp /slackware/ jp stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://ftp.nara.wide.ad.jp /slackware/ jp stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://ftp.riken.go.jp /slackware/ jp stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://mirrors.atviras.lt /slackware/ lt stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://slackware.laukas.lt /slackware/ lt stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://mirror.lagoon.nc /pub/slackware/ nc stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://ftp.nluug.nl /slackware/ nl stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://mirror.koddos.net /slackware/ nl stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://mirror.nl.leaseweb.net /slackware/ nl stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://omegageek.noip.me /mirrors/slackware/ nl stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://rsync.slackware.no /slackware/ no stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://ftp.slackware.org.nz /slackware/ nz stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://mirror.rise.ph /slackware/ ph stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://mirror.onet.pl /pub/mirrors/slackware/ pl stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://slackware.pl /slackware/ pl stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://sunsite.icm.edu.pl /slackware/ pl stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://ftp.rnl.tecnico.ulisboa.pt /pub/slackware/ pt stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://mirrors.nxthost.com /slackware/ ro stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://mirror.yandex.ru /slackware/ ru stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://slackware.tsu.ru /slackware/ ru stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://ftp.acc.umu.se /mirror/slackware.com/ se stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://rsync.linux.pizza /mirror/slackware/ se stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://download.nus.edu.sg /slackware/ sg stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://mirror.wheel.sk /slackware/ sk stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://ftp.linux.org.tr /slackware/ tr stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://ftp.isu.edu.tw /Slackware/ tw stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://ftp.yzu.edu.tw /Linux/Slackware/ tw stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://ifconfig.com.ua /slackware/ ua stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://mirrors.nix.org.ua /slackware/ ua stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://dfw.mirror.rackspace.com /slackware/ us stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://ftp.slackware.com /slackware/ us stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://ftp.ussg.indiana.edu /slackware/ us stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://mirror.cs.princeton.edu /slackware/ us stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://mirror.math.princeton.edu /pub/slackware/ us stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://mirror.slackbuilds.org /slackware/ us stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://mirror.us.leaseweb.net /slackware/ us stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://mirrors.kernel.org /slackware/ us stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://mirrors.syringanetworks.net /slackware/ us stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://mirrors.xmission.com /slackware/ us stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://rsync.gtlib.gatech.edu /slackware/ us stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://rsync.lug.udel.edu /slackware/ us stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://slackblog.com /slackware/ us stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://slackware.absolutehosting.net /slackware/ us stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://slackware.cs.utah.edu /slackware/ us stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://slackware.mirrors.tds.net /slackware/ us stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://ftp.is.co.za /IS-Mirror/ftp.slackware.com/pub/ za stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://ftp.wa.co.za /pub/slackware/ za stable amd64 slackware 
rsync://mirror.ac.za /slackware/ za stable amd64 slackware 


#################################################################
# Slackware Binary - Slacky.eu repositories stable
#################################################################
http://repository.slacky.eu / it stable amd64 slacky gpg
http://slackware.org.uk /slacky/ uk stable amd64 slacky gpg
http://slacky.nimblex.net / uk stable amd64 slacky gpg
#http://darkstar.ist.utl.pt /slackware/addon/slacky pt stable amd64 slacky gpg
http://www.portaxxv.org /slacky gr stable amd64 slacky gpg
http://slack.isper.sk /pub sk stable amd64 slacky gpg

#################################################################
# Slackware Binary - Salix.org repositories stable
#################################################################
http://mirror.inode.at /data/salix at stable amd64 salix nogpg
http://mirror.its.dal.ca /salix cs stable amd64 salix nogpg
http://slackware.org.uk /salix gb stable amd64 salix nogpg
http://www.mirrorservice.org /sites/download.salixos.org gb stable amd64 salix nogpg
http://download.salixos.org / fr stable amd64 salix nogpg
http://salix.enialis.net / fr stable amd64 salix nogpg
http://ftp.cc.uoc.gr /mirrors/linux/salix gr stable amd64 salix nogpg
http://ftp.heanet.ie /pub/salix ie stable amd64 salix nogpg
http://salix.mirror.garr.it /mirrors/salix it stable amd64 salix nogpg
http://ftp.nluug.nl /os/Linux/distr/salix nl stable amd64 salix nogpg
http://ftp.nux.ipb.pt /dists/salix pt stable amd64 salix nogpg
http://ftp.yzu.edu.tw /Linux/salix tw stable amd64 salix nogpg
http://mirrors.nix.org.ua /linux/salixos ua stable amd64 salix nogpg
http://mirrors.xmission.com /salix us stable amd64 salix nogpg
http://www.gtlib.gatech.edu /pub/salixos us stable amd64 salix nogpg
https://mirror.freedif.org /Salix vn stable amd64 salix nogpg

http://mirror.inode.at /data/salix at stable amd64 slackware nogpg
http://mirror.its.dal.ca /salix cs stable amd64 slackware nogpg
http://slackware.org.uk /salix gb stable amd64 slackware nogpg
http://www.mirrorservice.org /sites/download.salixos.org gb stable amd64 slackware nogpg
http://download.salixos.org / fr stable amd64 slackware nogpg
http://salix.enialis.net / fr stable amd64 slackware nogpg
http://ftp.cc.uoc.gr /mirrors/linux/salix gr stable amd64 slackware nogpg
http://ftp.heanet.ie /pub/salix ie stable amd64 slackware nogpg
http://salix.mirror.garr.it /mirrors/salix it stable amd64 slackware nogpg
http://ftp.nluug.nl /os/Linux/distr/salix nl stable amd64 slackware nogpg
http://ftp.nux.ipb.pt /dists/salix pt stable amd64 slackware nogpg
http://ftp.yzu.edu.tw /Linux/salix tw stable amd64 slackware nogpg
http://mirrors.nix.org.ua /linux/salixos ua stable amd64 slackware nogpg
http://mirrors.xmission.com /salix us stable amd64 slackware nogpg
http://www.gtlib.gatech.edu /pub/salixos us stable amd64 slackware nogpg
https://mirror.freedif.org /Salix vn stable amd64 slackware nogpg

#http://salix.hostingxtreme.com / us stable amd64 slackware nogpg
#http://mirror.chmuri.net /salix pl stable amd64 slackware nogpg
#http://mirror.bjtu.edu.cn /salix cn stable amd64 slackware nogpg
#http://ftp.belnet.be /salixos.org be stable amd64 slackware nogpg

ftp://ftp.belnet.be /mirror/salixos.org be stable amd64 salix nogpg
ftp://mirror.its.dal.ca /salix ca stable amd64 salix nogpg
ftp://slackware.org.uk /salix gb stable amd64 salix nogpg
ftp://ftp.mirrorservice.org /sites/download.salixos.org gb stable amd64 salix nogpg
ftp://ftp.cc.uoc.gr /mirrors/linux/salix gr stable amd64 salix nogpg
ftp://ftp.heanet.ie /pub/salix ie stable amd64 salix nogpg
ftp://salix.mirror.garr.it /mirrors/salix it stable amd64 salix nogpg
ftp://ftp.nluug.nl /pub/os/Linux/distr/salix nl stable amd64 salix nogpg
ftp://ftp.yzu.edu.tw /Linux/salix/ tw stable amd64 salix nogpg
ftp://mirrors.nix.org.ua /linux/salixos ua stable amd64 salix nogpg
ftp://mirrors.xmission.com /salix us stable amd64 salix nogpg
ftp://ftp.gtlib.gatech.edu /pub/salixos us stable amd64 salix nogpg

#################################################################
# Slackbuilds Sources - Slackbuilds.org repositories stable
#################################################################
https://slackbuilds.org /slackbuilds/ us stable amd64 slackbuilds
http://slackware.uk /slackbuilds.org/ uk stable amd64 slackbuilds
http://mirrors.vbi.vt.edu /linux/slackbuilds/ us stable amd64 slackbuilds
http://taper.alienbase.nl /mirrors/slackbuilds.org/ us stable amd64 slackbuilds
http://mirrors.nix.org.ua /linux/slackware-misc/slackbuilds.org/ us stable amd64 slackbuilds

